add wine install docs and general revision and updates. (#76)
netniV/stfc-mod: INSTALL.md

## Installation

### Windows

1) Download the `stfc-community-patch.zip` file from your chosen [github release](https://github.com/netniv/stfc-mod/releases/) and extract the `version.dll` file.

2) The default folder for both the game and the settings file is
`C:\Games\Star Trek Fleet Command\Star Trek Fleet Command\default\game`
(if this folder isn't present, see the [windows-specific](#windows-specific) section below.)  Open this folder in Explorer.

3) Place the `version.dll` file from the downloaded .zip file into this folder.

4) __Recommended:__ If installing the mod for the first time, save the
[sample configuration file](example_community_patch_settings.toml) to this folder with the name
`community_patch_settings.toml`.  The mod will create a bare-bones _.toml_ file automatically if none is found,
but this sample file contains additional comments that explain the available settings.

### Mac

1) Download the `stfc-community-patch-installer.dmg` file from your chosen
[github release](https://github.com/netniv/stfc-mod/releases/), then open it and drag and drop the launcher to your Applications folder.  This launcher will be used to start the game any time you

> want to have the mod loaded.

Author: FYI, here's a screenshot of how the Mac users "install" the mod.  Got an old mac mini running just to see what it looked like... they actually drag the patch to the "Applications" folder in the installer UI itself.  Strange design, but I guess it's pretty explicit to the user what you're doing... seems to be common for other apps too.  Ignore the "No" symbol on the patch icon, that's because it won't actually run on this mac, the OS is too old.
<img width="1281" height="722" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1a1d9e3b-c8b4-4b75-8b8d-a585f67ab5cd" />

> 2) The mod settings are stored in the `~/Library/Preferences/com.stfcmod.startrekpatch` folder. This folder and a bare-bones `community_patch_settings.toml` settings file will be created automatically, so start the game from the
> launcher and close it they don't exist yet.  If the `Library` folder itself is not visible,
> see the [mac-specific](#mac-specific) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The default folder for the settings file is 
   `~/Library/Preferences/com.stfcmod.startrekpatch`

   By default, Apple hide the ~/Library folder, so If this folder isn't present, or the
   configuration file hasn't been created when running the game, see the 
   [mac-specific](#mac-specific) section below.
```

> 3) __Recommended__: If installing the mod for the first time, replace bare-bones `community_patch_settings.toml`
> created by the mod with the [sample configuration file](example_community_patch_settings.toml).  This file contains
> additional comments that explain the available settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion   
3. For first time users of the Community Mod, it recommended to utilise the
   [sample configuration file](example_community_patch_settings.toml) which can
   be saved to the game folder with the name `community_patch_settings.toml`.  This 
   sample file contains additional comments that explain the available settings.```
```

Author: Mac users don't save it to the game folder, they save it to the preferences folder described in the previous step.  Will accept and tweak.

The STFC game itself is located in the
`~/Library/Application Support/Star Trek Fleet Command/Games/Star Trek Fleet Command/STFC/default/game` folder.  You should only need to access this folder if you need to view the `community_patch.log` file while troubleshooting a problem.

### Wine/Linux

The Windows version of the mod, and the game itself, run well under Linux using the Wine compatability layer.
If the game is installed using the
[STFC installer for the Lutris game manager](https://lutris.net/games/star-trek-fleet-command/), the mod can
be installed by following the [Windows](#windows) directions above and using the
`~/Games/star-trek-fleet-command/drive_c/Games/Star Trek Fleet Command/Star Trek Fleet Command/default/game`
directory for installation.

If the game is installed through other launchers or directly in an unmanaged WINEPREFIX, an additional
adjustment may be needed for it to load the mod  library correctly; see the
[wine/linux specific](#winelinux-specific) notes below.

## Configuration

> Make any and all configuration changes in the `community_patch_settings.toml` file __only__. When the game
> is launched, this file will be read, and the parsed values for all settings, including default values for
> settings not in the _.toml_ file, will appear in `community_patch_runtime.vars`.  Do not make changes to
> the _.vars_ file; it will be overwritten the next time the game is launched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: Any desired configuration changes should __ONLY__ be made in the 
`community_patch_settings.toml` file   

When the game is launched, this file will be read.  Any missing settings that have not been set  in the 
_.toml_ file, will have a default value applied.  

When starting the game, the configuration including default values are re-written to `community_patch_runtime.vars`.  You should NOT make any changes to this file.  This file is 
constantly rewritten when the game starts so any modifications to it are never used and will be 
lost.
```

> If you have any problems with a setting,
> check the parsed value in the _.vars_ file to verify that the setting was applied, and check the
> `community_patch.log` file to see if any errors were encountered while parsing the _.toml_ file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have any problems with a setting, check for that setting in the _.vars_ file to verify 
that the parse value of that setting was correctly applied.  You may also need to check the
`community_patch.log` file to see if any errors were encountered while parsing the _.toml_ file.
```

   log file `community_patch.log`.

> ### Windows specific
> 
> On windows, sometimes the game is installed in a specific users profile folder.  This is suspected
> to happen when it thinks more than one user attempted to install it, or if that user doesn't have
> admin rights.
> 
> If this is the case, to find the correct game location for the `version.dll` file, do the following:
> 
> 1) Open Task Manager while the game is running (press Ctrl-Alt-Delete)
> 2) Right-click `prime.exe` and select 'Expand'
> 3) Right-click `Star Trek Fleet Command` and select 'Open file location'
> 
> An Explorer window will open with the correct folder selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Windows specific

On windows, sometimes the game is installed in a specific users profile folder.  This is suspected
to happen when it thinks more than one user attempted to install it, or if that user doesn't have
admin rights.

If this is the case, to find the correct game location for the `version.dll` file, while the game is 
running:

1. Either use Task Manager
   1. Open Task Manager (press Ctrl-Shift-Escape)
   2. Right-click `prime.exe` and select 'Expand'
   3. Right-click `Star Trek Fleet Command`
   4.. Select 'Open file location'
2. Or use the Taskbar
   1. Right click the `Star Trek Fleet Command` icon
   2. Right click `prime.exe` or `STFC Community Mod`
   3. Select Properties
   4. Select Open File Location
   
An Explorer window will open with the correct folder selected which should show
`prime.exe` as one of the files.
```

Author: Okay, I think I wasn't clicking on it right, I'm getting there now.  You're right though, it depends what the user has named their shortcut, so maybe refer to the the "top-most item" as well.  Also should probably emphasize that they need the item for the game itself, not just the launcher, or they'll get the wrong directory.  On the other hand, that's such an edge case in the first place it might not be worth worrying about.

### Mac Specific

> Apple likes to hide the `Library` folder by default. There are several ways to open the correct folder:
> 
> - Hold the `⌥ option` key (or `Alt` on a PC keyboard) in __Finder__ and click the __Go to__ menu item
> and then click the __Library__ folder item
> - Press `⌘ cmd`+`⇧ shift`+`G` in the __Finder__ for the Goto box and type in `~/Library`
> - Use __Terminal__ and type: `open ~/Library`
> 
> You need to have run the game with the mod at least once for any settings (toml), runtime variables (.vars)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Apple likes to hide the `Library` folder by default. There are several ways to open the correct folder:

1. Hold the `⌥ option` key (or `Alt` on a PC keyboard) in __Finder__ and click the __Go to__ menu item
and then click the __Library__ folder item
2. Press `⌘ cmd`+`⇧ shift`+`G` in the __Finder__ for the Goto box and type in `~/Library`
3. Use __Terminal__ and type: `open ~/Library`

You need to have run the game with the mod at least once for any settings (toml), runtime variables (.vars)
```

Author: I wouldn't use ordinals for this, this since the user just needs to pick one of the three choices, not do all three in order.

or log files (.log) to appear.  Then, once you have the correct folder, you should find the file
`community_patch_settings.toml` . See the [`example_community_patch_settings.toml`](example_community_patch_settings.toml) as a starting point.

> ### Wine/Linux Specific
> 
> To use the Windows version of the mod under Wine (generally Linux), the wine DLL overrides setting _must_ be set to `n,b` for `version.dll` or it will not be loaded.  If you have installed the game using the [STFC installer for the Lutris game manager](https://lutris.net/games/star-trek-fleet-command/) (recommended), this has already been set up in the runner configuration.  Otherwise, it can be set in the `winecfg.exe` Libraries tab or by setting the `WINEDLLOVERRIDES` enviroment variable to `version.dll=n,b` before launching the game.
> 
> Wine mod installation generally follows the Windows directions above; just place the `version.dll` in the `drive_c/Games/Star Trek Fleet Command/Star Trek Fleet Command/default/game` directory relative to the wine environment (WINEPREFIX) you're running it under.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Wine/Linux Specific

To run Star Trek Fleet Command under Wine, the wine DLL overrides setting _must_ be set to `n,b` 
for `version.dll` or it will not be loaded.  If you have installed the game using the 
[STFC installer](https://lutris.net/games/star-trek-fleet-command/)(recommended) 
supplied from Lutris game manager, this override will have already been defined in the 
runner configuration.  Otherwise, it can be set using the `winecfg.exe` Libraries tab or by 
setting the `WINEDLLOVERRIDES` environment variable to include `version.dll=n,b` before 
launching the game.

For installation, you can generally follow the Windows directions above.  The only real change
will be the location of the prime.exe file which is in the directory:

-  `drive_c/Games/Star Trek Fleet Command/Star Trek Fleet Command/default/game`

Note, this path is relative to the wine environment (WINEPREFIX) you're running it under.
```

Reviewer: Be aware, GitHub will likely hide some of the suggestions, so you may have to click to expand and see everything.

Author: That DLL override setting is actually not needed for the game itself to run, it's a requirement specific to the mod.
